Update homepage to make it clearer why AAA aren't included (#17)
alphagov/wcag-primer: source/documentation/index.md

* 2.5.6 Concurrent Input Mechanisms (AAA)
* 4.1.3 Status Messages (AA) 

> This primer will only focus on new A and AA success criteria. [All AAA criteria can be viewed on the W3 website](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG21/quickref/?currentsidebar=%23col_customize&levels=a%2Caa). They aren't included in this primer because you don't need to comply AAA criteria for the Public Body Accessibility Regulations.

Reviewer: Requested confirmation from Content

> This primer will only focus on new A and AA success criteria. [All AAA criteria can be viewed on the W3 website](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG21/quickref/?currentsidebar=%23col_customize&levels=a%2Caa). They aren't included in this primer because you don't need to comply AAA criteria for the Public Body Accessibility Regulations.

Reviewer 2: Sorry this has taken so long to get to. I'd be happy with this change though have suggested a couple of tweaks to bring it up to date and make the content slightly more consistent with GOV.UK.

```suggestion
This primer only focuses on the level A and AA success criteria. [All AAA criteria can be viewed on the W3C website](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/quickref/?versions=2.2&currentsidebar=%23col_customize&levels=a%2Caa). They are not included in this primer because the Public Sector Bodies Accessibility Regulations do not require AAA compliance.
```
